{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16920\viewh11100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Delegates and Events\
\
Grasping Delegates and Events has been difficult for me, though I have struggled hard to try and understand them.  Therefore i will explain them to the Best of my Ability.\
Consider Information, words, numbers, etc.  Variables are like Boxes of Information.  Functions are like Machines that can take a Variable to do something with it.  Delegates are Like a Box that you can put your Function into.  It also can still fed information into it that the Function will need.  After declaring a delegate you can choose to run that function but it won\'92t do anything.  In a separate script you can subscribe another function to act as the function that is being called.  This is like placing the machine in the box.  Script 1 is calling the delegate as a function, and when Script 2 subscribes to it, it is telling Script 1 what the Delegate is supposed to do.  \
I imagine that there is a lot that can be done with this, but as yet I have not been able to wrap my head around it, I have watched a lot of tutorials, and been tutored several times on the topic.  Right now Practice seems the best solution.  I created a script on my own that updates a text component by subscribing to a delegate contained within Update inside another script.  I was relatively proud of it, I\'92m still trying to understand it better though.\
\
Using this to its maximum potential is currently beyond me, but I hope to get there soon.}